{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Sanonda Datta Gupta}
{\*\company University of Maine System}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12840\viewh16380\viewkind1\viewscale83
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Updated Project Description Document ( 2/5) : Updated document, however, the differences between your app and other applications are still not clear. 
\fs22 \

\fs24 \
Updated User story document ( 0/5) Did not submit Updated user story. As per previous deliverable, some comments need to be addressed! \
\
Product Backlog (2/10) - User stories should be updated based on the comments of the user story documents from deliverable 1. Not all columns are shown. Sprint planning should have been done.\
\
Sprint Backlog 1 (6/10) - User stories should have the same number as product backlog. Also, if you have these many user stories in sprint backlog, why it is not shown in the product backlog that they are related to sprint 1? You need to break them into sprint task stories. \
\
Github (5/5) - Contributions should be consistent and all contribute.\
\
Kanban (4/5) - Kanban board should show a progress. All issues should be shown and should match with product and sprint backlogs.\
\
Sprint Review (10/10) - Make sure to have who did what (scrum roles) and how much in the next sprint.\
\
\
SRS ( 33/40) \'96  UI mockup is not present. Comments of functional requirements. Please see the feed back \
\
Software (10/10)- The implementation should have been started. \
\
Total =72 /100 
\f1\fs22 \
\
\
\'97\'97\
\
Alex: 95 *72 = 68.5\
\
Austin: 77 *72 =  55.5\
\
Forrest: 93 *72 =  67\
\
Peter Clukey: 84 *72 =  60.5\
\
Spencer M: 90 *72 = 65}